{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red176\green0\blue5;\red255\green255\blue255;\red46\green46\blue46;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22600\viewh11660\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 TO CREATE YOUR OWN SOUNDCARD EXPRESSION: 
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\fs30 \cf0 Post a collection of tracks, let users select from a pre-defined list, all the functionality of the Music Postcard Expression but with a set playlist. Download and install the Urturn toolbelt and the SoundCard template and kick out the jams.
\f0\fs36 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\fs32 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
QUICKGUIDE\ulnone \
- define the design of your expression in 
\b css/styles.css
\b0 \
- define your playlist tracks in 
\b js/tracks.js\

\b0 \
\ul FULL RECIPE\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\b\fs30 \cf0 Create your own SoundCard Expression
\f2\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\b\fs30 \cf0 Install Urturn
\f2\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\fs30 \cf0 Make sure you have the latest version of the Urturn toolbelt installed
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa240

\f3\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 curl -s install.urturn.com | sh
\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\b\fs30 \cf0 Create Your Expression
\f2\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\fs30 \cf0 Create a new Expression with the SoundCard template
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs30 Enter the following command in a new terminal window.
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa240

\f3\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 urturn create mysticker -t soundcard
\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\b\fs30 \cf0 Modify Your Assets
\f2\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\fs30 \cf0 Add your playlist tracks in tracks.js (see file for examples).
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\b\fs30 \cf0 Note
\b0  Only tracks from SoundCloud and iTunes are available at this time (Only US & UK iTunes links work in all countries).
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\fs30 \cf0 Modify your styling in the style.css (see file for examples).
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\b\fs30 \cf0 Note 
\b0 See CSS base file icon names.
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\fs30 \cf0 Add your your logo, simply replace the PNG file named "logo.png" in the "images" folder with your own 328x160px "logo.png". This image will appear in the top-left corner of each post and in the header of the playlist menu.
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\fs30 \cf4 \cb3 Replace 
\i banner.png
\i0  in your local resources folder with another png or jpg file (recommended dimensions are 800x408px).
\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\fs30 \cf0 You can also set a menu background image by simply adding a 640x640px PNG file named "background.png" in the "images" folder.
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\b\fs30 \cf0 Deploy Your Expression
\f2\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\fs30 \cf0 To package your Expression and upload it to Urturn, enter the following command in the terminal window:
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f3\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 urturn deploy soundcard
\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\fs30 \cf0 Enter your e-mail and Urturn password, when prompted, or make sure you are logged in to urturn.com before you deploy.
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\fs30 \cf0 When the upload process is complete, copy the link displayed in the terminal window into your browser.
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\b\fs30 \cf0 Publish
\f2\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\fs30 \cf0 Make some test posts on the server. When you\'92re happy with your sticker, share it with the world!
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
\
}